i added the something (#849)
hackclub/sprig: docs/ASSEMBLY.md

![Photo of a PCB with LCD attached](https://cloud-6po09tv9d-hack-club-bot.vercel.app/2lcd-no-spacers.jpg)

> 2. Add spacers and put the longer screws through the holes and screw the bolts on on the other side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add spacers, put the longer screws through the holes, and screw the nuts on the back side.
```
